This was bought as a gift, but the person who got it, loved it! And they will use it soon
Very well written book on a period of World History with which I am very familiar. Despite my familiarity with the subject area, I learned a lot of new information. Also, one of the best, concise descriptions of WWII that I have ever read. Also thought provoking.
Hot Cross Buns contains a cast of characters that you will fall in love with and want to hang out with! It has a few different plot/story lines that intersect in unexpected ways. The stories are full of hope and love and the characters make you actually care about the outcome of each of their stories. I hope there will be a sequel so we can see how life comtinues to unfold for the various characters! A really great and fun read!
I really liked this book and had a hard time putting it down to get anything else done! The suspense kept me intrigued to the end to discover "who done it"
I could hardly wait for this book to arrive. When it did, I stopped everything I was doing and just manhandled the box to get into it! I love her style. I got it only for the 3-D bumpy bangle on the front and boy was I surprised at how many wonderful, colorful projects. Cover to cover I was already planning color and time factor on each project I would make. Love this book.
AWESOME. Jesus's finished work conveyed accurately and effectively in all it's glory : ) I wish every human being would avail themselves of the gospel Pastor Prince communicates so well. Read this and give a copy to everyone you know.
I always enjoy Jinx Schwartz's books. You can see the genesis of her Hetta Coffey books in this one. I would love to read more books about the DEA agents in this book, they are ripe for a spin off
I so loved this book It has been one of the BEST BOOKS ive read .The story line is awesome the characters are so well developed and i loved her best friends this book sholud be on the best selling list !!!!!!!!! Oh and don't let the cover fool ya it's no smut its truly a love story and a story i can see that truly has happened in this day and time. I love a good love story and this in one that is so believable i know its happened to someone!!!!
This book will keep you guessing all the way to the end. A quick read, it made me think about subjective reality and the lies we tell each other and ourselves.
This is a great book for people that have been diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. It has a lot of information and explains everything very well.
Very good read. Didn't want to stop until I finished it. Good who do it mystery with a little romance.
Thus book has a lot of hockey but it was REALLY good! I loved it I was romantic funny and heartwarming
this is a great book for women I did it at a retreat and gave th bood away tht someone needed it but wanted another to read again
Neil told me he enjoyed writing this book, and he is a good story teller. I've read it several times now. I keep buying copies because friends I give them to want to keep them.
I have never been disappointed by this author. The only downside is the wait for the next installment in the trilogy. Robin Hobb weaves a beautiful saga.
This book had another great beginning. This part of the series revealed a lot of new things.this book was cheap and just as good as the first. I wonder what the next book will be like.anyway YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK OR BE DESTROYED.
The most accessible introduction to Transcendental Meditation I have ever seen. Bob Roth is a master teacher who writes in a warm and personal way. The book is a very easy read and yet comprehensive. The book does not teach one how to do TM, but it provides an inspiring rationale for the practice.
I've read them all - nice that the author makes you really care about these people - they're really people - not paper cut outs - and he's done it for a number of years now - let's hope he keeps the stories going - I'd recommend this series - they are already "the great American classic"!
Thoroughly enjoyable. Fell in love with characters. If there were a sequel, I would grab it up in a heartbeat.
Excellent reading and perspective provided by Robert Hillegonds! I needed to read some chapters twice to understand completely, due to all the historical names and church history. The explanation of the beast, whose number is 666 , or 616, is so interesting and makes complete sense. Everyone interested in the " End Times" needs to read this!
I do recommend this book I rent it for my intermedia finance class and it did arrive on time as well as the price very affordable! I do recommend it!
this book does a great job of getting you through the basics of General Relativity. it gives you enough to get you through the derivations without showing every single step so if you just want a quick reminder you can skip the derivation but if you're learning it for the first time you can really work your way through all of it.
Devine reading. I have all of the books in this series. They are excellent because you see how Eve and Roark become different and better people because of the love that they share and explore.
'Boys in the Boat' is a well-written account of a wonderful rowing story set within a critical period of world history.
We all remember that day as if it were yesterday,if you think of time it is like yesterday and forever in time.
This box set is a very nice set if you don't want to splurge on the hard cover set. The box is sturdy and the book covers are very colorful. I bought this set for my two children to share and I'm sure it will last for many years.
This must be the first and most comprehensive collection of Schrafft's memorabilia to date. Joan Slomanson has collected quotes, recipes, images and memories from a varied list of celebrities, former customers and employees of the many Schrafft's that were on the east coast until the mid-seventies. It's surprising that there are not more photos of the Schrafft's 'stores' that dotted the streets of NY,Boston etc, ecspecially the interiors. This book is a sweet valentine to another era that should appeal to the anyone interested in food and a genteel lifestyle.
If you like well written apocalyptic books, this book is for you. The premise is unique and intriguing. The story line is tight with no logic breaks
Book tells the german army participation in the holocost. Show german units and commanders doing their part in the final solution against the jews. Book also shows the germans on operation to round up jews and other enemies deemed by the german goverment
This series is magical . I can't wait for the next book.
Got for my Granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.
I love this guys stuff. I read everything on deadspin, and his dadspin articles are classic. My fiance reads this book repeatedly (a bit creepy). The book is great.
For little kids, this story is about train-like cable cars and being nice to each other. For older kids, it's a great primer about voting and being politically involved in things that matter to us.
I have been reading all of the more recent Stephen King books lately because they keep me indulged even after I put them down; therefore, I have trouble shifting to other authors. I decided to read Payback and did not want to put it down! The story and the characters were well established and I am looking forward to Dan Stone's next span of turbulence.
Ryan Shaw has done us all a great favor in giving the biblical and inspirational basis for reaching the world for Christ and raising up a generation of workers to go to the unreached. Build convictions in your own life and those around you by reading/applying this book!
We finally got to hear mason's story and i am so glad he got his HEA, he definitely deserved it. I'm hoping clinton is next.
Nice designs with variety. Creative haven is the best for the price...one sided and perforated.
I first read this when I was in high school. I found it from a beautiful Meg & Dia song, ordered it on amazon, and read it cover to cover. (I even bought the Alfred Hitchcock film) I've been recommending it to people ever since! Love it, and everything related to it. Wonderful story.
A really nice addition to my collection of barbecuing cook books. Neat, clean and clear presentation. Great pictures and nice graphics. What a cook book should look like. Really interesting range and set of recipes.
:):):):):):):):););););););););) It was soooooooooooo awesome! My last Clementine book for now! Boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
Enjoyed all of the books in this series. Great characters who come together in each book. Makes you do some thinking about your path in life.
Jack has to grow into his role as head of a faction and do what needs to be done. Quite frankly my biggest problem with this series was a kind of a dumb premise. Enter a VR world to escape the Real World's destruction. That is way in the past To unite all the tribes into one nation that opposes the oligarcal empire of humans Jack must become the Jade Lord. Can he do it with out becoming every thing he hates
Love this 2nd in the series book. It sucks you in from page one and doesn't let up. Fast paced, interesting, twists and turns, great visualization of the scenery, etc. Can't wait for the 3rd in the series!!!
Hi I have had a chance to review the book and over all it is quite educational. It is something I would recommend to my customers and a must have book for their Schnoodle puppy. It was easy to ready, great tips and good advice for people considering this mix. I was impressed in how we breeders think a lot a like, which was really neat to see. They are a special breed in my opinion. The Interviews were good, the pictures were great. Just an easy ready with lots of great information.
All I can say is "she did it again". A work of art. Love those Blackstone men. Another must read.
When it comes it's just a spiral bound notebook and a DVD with the title handwritten on it. Looks like it was filmed several years ago on VHS. If you can get past that the info is pure gold. Just the info you need to get started and progress to an intermediate stage with all the workouts, percentage, forms, etc right there.
this CD got to me on time with no proble. I should give you a five star and that's just what I'm going to do
Very fast and enjoyable reading. I haave enjoyed all of her books I have read so far. I will ordermore of her books as I complete the ones I have ordered.
Finally sanity has been spoken! This book will open your eyes to the reality of Transgenderism. Amazing book! Its a MUST read.
If it's Not Food,Don't Eat It, covers all the questions anyone can have about eating correctly. It's easy to read and understand and makes a lot of sense about how processed foods have been a huge part of why most people have not been able to become healthy. Zig Price.
this story was new to me and it is encouraging to read of such a family and of such individual women who made a difference.
Fast, Honest and great price--easy to use--true to their word! I'm happy to know their are honest people out there!
I purchased this book for my husband, and he loves it so far. The book outlines most major roads in Utah and describes the geology along each road.
Loved it can't wait for the next one. As always a page turner from start to finish hiw many more do we get.
It contains many information about GRE. The strategy for each parts is explained clearly. That is, it let me know how to deal with each part. So I like it very much. Thanks
This book should be read by every American. The first part is an up-to-date case for common sense by Beck and the second part is Thomas Paine's original "Common Sense". Beck lays out the problems in a no-nonsense way and they are very scary. Please, just read this book (it's only 107 pages) then pass it on to your friends and family. It IS important.
I like the fact that they show you the answers by circling them in the picture rather than just telling you the answers in words. I gave it to my mom and aunts who are retired and could use something interesting to occupy their time while they wait at the doctors office. They loved it!
I read the other two books of this trilogy. Just like them, this was a great read. I recommend this book and series highly!
the suspense of waiting for answers to the events which drove the man to choose the life he did, kept the story interesting and intense. I recommend this book without reservation.
This is my pass it on book. I will continue to buy and give to those I meet so we can share the positive inspirations. Can only feel better when you read it!
My granddaughters loved the book & the message in it. The timing for shipping was fast & book was in great condition
Couldn't put the book down. Pity the second one is so expensive. Would've loved to read more. Loved the characters.
James Rollins is a wonderfully creative writer. He has the ability to pull you right into the story and the adventures in this story is tremendously fun. I enjoy all of the James Rollins stories and I find that I especially like Jake Ransom. You will enjoy this story
Thrilling! I wish it had more information at the end but still a very good read Worth the download. I recommend it
I have 2 boys ages 2 and 1 who enjoyed the Choo Choo.. very colorful pictures ..loved the Choo Choo pictures!! A must get for lil ones.. received free from Amztraders
Anyone interested in chemistry should own this book. Sonochemistry is fascinating on every front. This book provides a very comprehensive account of the many applications that sonochemistry has to offer.
This book is well organized. A great tool for understanding word problems
This book is well written, and a great read. Combining the paranormal with the old west makes for some very interesting scenarios. This is a good book.
Bought a couple of books on the Chicago Columbian Expo and it this is of interest then buy for a thumb through book.
Lots of action. High bred city boy turned barn manager is smart and innovative in increasing the value of the horse farm. There are greedy mean characters who want the farm to fail for personal gain. Thus the story develops with much unexpected action.
The ups and downs of Emily Wilson provides a very interesting insight into family life in Cumberland at that time. A well plotted, cross genre story that has historical fiction, murder, romance and a romp through the English Lakes all in the mix. I loved it - lose yourself in a good story.
really well written book. I have read it once and will read it again soon.
Just when I thought I was starting to figure out "who-done-it", there's a twist in the plot. Great read!
Amazing. Rollicking adventure as The Wizards create life - and a new world. Every other chapter is the science of Roundworld. And excellenct science interspersed with all the usual Discworld style humour. The best Discsworld novel yet.
Syd Hoffman's book is insightful, uplifting, and resourceful; an easy, worthwhile, enjoyable read. All-Day Energy: 100 Ways to Boost Your Energy...Now! offers great, easily followed suggestions that are quick and painless. I intend to give this book to people I care about.
My favorite chilhood book ! And even after reading it for the 100th time, I still find new things to think about. A wonderful philosophical tale that goes way beyond a cute (but sad) story. "One can only see well with the heart. The essential is invisible to the eyes !"
Margaret Yorke is a world unto herself. Her mysteries are tight, detailed, interesting and always contain a twist.
This is a must for anyone, but especially those who receive very little civics study or US history in school. If you were education in these area it is a great review. This is a well written and thought out book.
Julia Quinn strikes again with a novel that does not disappoint.
as is her music, Christine's memoir is very funny. It is also informative for anyone who is interested in the folk process and the life of a troubadour. .
A fun mystery to read. Different plot than the usual. I really enjoyed it!!
The book Electronic Components arrived in a timely manner. I was happy with this service. The book also was a very good deal.
Only half way through but I love it. I need a push to make a change and it is helping me prepare mentally.
An excellent read for all military spouses. A book, once read, to share with your friends whose spouses are deployed.
While I admit this is not usually my type of book, I loved this book! It had me hooked and wanting more! Olina is a strong character and has been hiding behind a veil all her life. I love how the characters develop throughout the book! I am going to purchase the next book and start reading right away!
Loved every word. Drew me right in. Don't start unless you have ample time to read because you will not want to stop.
A beautiful concept, beautifully executed. Easy to use, informative, interesting, and fun! I am a Tarot reader of over 20 years, but this is the first time a coloring book has nabbed my interest. Reed draws in fascinating Tarot symbolism in these lovely pages.
Very interesting memoir of a well-known chef's early life and training in France. This book follows Eric Ripert from the age of six until he immigrated to the United States. I am sure there is a sequel in process.
This was my first book with this author. In the beginning I was apprehensive about the book. The over abundance of details, made the first chapter slow. However, it quickly changed and was a nail bitting read. I finished it in less than 2 days. The suspenseful plot and depth of the characters had me convinced many times of "who did it." Great book for a book club discussion!
All of the Marcus fans from book one will fall in love with him all over again in this book. He is Willows savior. Everyone in her life ends up leaving her but Marcus is in it for the long haul.
The FairTax is the best way that I have seen to date to fund our government. The FairTax is simple, straightforward, transparent, pro-America, pro-American, pro-family, pro-business, pro-employee, pro-consumer, pro-citizen... in fact it has so many pros that it shows the cons forwarded by so-called 'critics' for what they are: empty, agenda-based, minutia, that do not have the best interest of America as their basis. Honest debate and concerns are one thing, but agenda driven nitpicking from the demagogic naysayers and the shamestream media is shameful. Shame on you all! May God bless America and the FairTax despite you!
I enjoyed the interaction between the different castes in the League navy. A thoughtful look at how life really would be in a world of wooden ships.
Loved this book, read it in one sitting and near tired of it. Characters draw you in and keep you riveted to the pages.
Ms. Baker has created a true masterpiece. She leads us through the worlds of her subjects with the deftness of an artist, which she certainly is. I felt like my heart had been plucked from my chest and its contents poured onto the pages of this marvelous book. This one is definitely a keeper.
This mini-series covers modern issues that people face. It gives biblical answers to the hard questions. Excellent source for any pastor or counselor.
this historical account of how the latter-day saints became an organized religion is easy to read because it is written in a progressive, non-lofty manner. i am a college educated woman, but didn't want't to be burdened with a college textbook type read. this book reads more like a story and thats what i was looking for.
Like a wonderful collaboration between Jarlan Ellison and Jorge Luis Borges.
This book has challenged my Christian Walk. I have had my eyes opened to many things by this book.
It finally came to be...the weddings of four of the Remington sons! Getting guy taken care of had me on pins and needles. I guessed before it happened what " my beat" had up his sleeve for Adria and most precious Miss Ruby! I cried I loved it I want more on these couples please SJ McCoy and thank you for some great stories on these brothers!!!
This book has given me a great foundation. I think about money differently. My mindset is different! Managing the money I currently earn is now important to me. I have made some changes and now see a promising future!! Thank you, Mr. Banks, for writing and sharing this Awesome book!!!
After the first two books, I was head over heels for Four....I love that I got tons of him here but the ending needed more Tris!! I'm not giving out spoilers about why and I guess I understand why it ended the way it did but it lacked some emotion and could've went further....I just needed more....more!!!
Clancy has created a world that will forever entertain and thrill readers. This book continues that world with new stories and fantastic characters.
You have to read all three books in the series to find out what happens to the 3 sisters as each book leaves you wondering and wanting to find out what the author does with the characters.
I was kept interested but at times it seemed to drag. Not much just a little. His identity was kept from me the whole book. Great read. Hope there will be a fourth.
The experience was good! A little slow on delivery but good altogether.
It's not like I couldn't put it down once I've started reading, but I still enjoyed every moment I spent with the book.
I enjoyed the first book in this series, this second seemed too close a plot line to the first. Was still an enjoyable read.
I especially enjoyed all the parts about the flowers...It was a very engaging novel. The only part I did not like was the going from childhood to adulthood back and forth.
This was a great story- fun and a fast read. I am looking forward to reading more from the series. Alot of action and creative.
Novel ideas about communicating with ghosts. Lacked some details and draggedalittleinplaces, but loved the characters and setting. Good read for Halloween
A very compelling book! I highly reccomend it especially if you have visited or lived n Italy.
While this isn't my favorite MKA book, it's pretty good overall. Has just enough mystery to keep you turning pages, and enough sappy romance to give you the warm fuzzy feeling. Some of the story line was a lil predictable, but didn't really take away from the overall read.
This goes to show our childhood days has a large impact on our everyday living.. Will buy more by this Author.
This is an interesting semi historical novel about two Irish immigrant families who vary widely in culture, religion, and wealth. They must learn to deal with each other over time when the younger generations marry bringing both families awkwardly together. At first there is discord, but in a wide ranging story taking place in Ireland and the US the families are united in surprising ways.
The Loudest Silence certainly leaves us screaming for more. The dynamics between the two protagonists keep you smiling and flipping pages. The antagonists are varied and leave you wanting to reach into the book! Well written and flows extremely well. The Loudest Silence is a book that will keep you reading it over and over!
If you're a fan of the movies, you'll enjoy the book even more. I actually bought the audible version as well so that I could both read myself or listen.
Her very personal story told very well. Funny and insightful and descriptive of manic-depressive illness (Bipolar I) -- what it feels like and how to deal with it. Very useful for anyone struggling with this diagnosis. The "graphic novel" format made it easy and enjoyable to read.
Arrived on time, very please for the condition of the book it was really nice, almost like new. I recommend buying from this seller. The book its kind of boring, specially if you are trying to read it after reading " Introduction To Materials Management" from Arnold.
the story was a little predictable, but most of di's are. it was a nice book, written about nice people who lived in a nice place..
I'm a big fan of zombie/SHTF stories and this series does not disappoint. As with any longer work in the genre, the tension goes from surviving the zombies to surviving each other. I don't want to give any spoilers away, so I'll just say if you're like me, you won't want to stop reading, you'll swear out loud at the cliffhanger ending, and the next book can't get hear fast enough. Molles, well done sir!
I was intrigued by the way the story paralleled time. The author brings you back in to present day so you can live with the character and see events in the past that the character is unaware of.
Not bad, and could have been much worse. It was fairly fast paced and the action was good. I felt the author spent some time trying to get across the idea of this guy losing his family, but then he kept oogling the girls... so that was a little odd. A week after losing his family and during a zombie attack? Anyway, fun read.
I enjoy this author's storytelling style... sometimes the comic relief he attempts is a little corny, but the themes are interesting.
If you're buying this book you really don't have a choice but four stars for a cheaper digital version.
The book is as factual as historical records allow and on reading it I could perceive the author's steadfast concern on verifiability, which I not only respect but also highly praise.
Enjoyed the book so much I down loaded the next three books in the series.
I enjoyed this book. It wasn't my favorite book ever, but I enjoyed it very much. It was well written and the story was something I haven't read about before, and I LOVE historical fiction. It was interesting and opened my eyes to a new part of history I was unfamiliar with. A good read.
This book about Eleanor of Castile was a good read. I recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about Eleanor.
A fun, quick, light read fron the Grewhawk Adventures series. Estes, as with the other writers picked for this series, does a great job building on the old Grewhawk world, originally created by my personal hero, Gary G - the guy who taught me, though D&D, to let my imagination and creativity out. Sorry for waxing nostalgic... Master Wolf is a fun read - nothing too complex with regard to subplots, and with engaging characters. If you're a fan of the series, you definitely won't be disappointed with this one.
They saved the day and things went back to normal as normal as could be. Parts of it at the end were very interesting.
This is Nox' father's story Oren. Oren's journey through the years is revealed in this intense, suspenseful and though provoking read. What made him who he became and why. An intriguing, and twisted story as we discover what motivated Oren to become part of the Mafia family. Who he was and who he became was fantastically discussed. Another unputdownable read that's a must read if you're a fan of the Infidelity series.
I liked, very informative book, I'm looking forward to trying out some of these techniques in the next month. LB
I enjoyed book One, enough that I'll purchase the next one. I'd like to know what happens next. The characters are ordinary people (well, a centenarian is a bit unusual) & the very young great grandson who is responsible for her, that is also a different take on zombie story. The inevitable social breakdown is very believable & almost scarier than the undead but I'm looking forward to what's in store for these people.
These are fun to read stories. Make you feel better stories.
It was a suspenseful read, starts slow, lots of names, lots of dates but all in all a good introduction into the world of the macabre.
If you are a Dan Silva fan especially of the Gabriel Allon story line the English Girl is a good continuation of the series. If this is your first Daniel Silva book Id look into an earlier book.
Definitely a handy resource for writers of all ages and levels. I especially like the portion on how to cite web resources since I often forget the exact layout of that when putting together papers!
I really enjoyed Susan M. Boyer's Lowcountry Bombshell. The mystery aspect was well done and engaged my need to figure out who the bad guy was until almost the end of the book when it finally dawned on. I truly like Liz Talbot and how the relationship with her past love and her new love was handled. There were moments of hilarity and moments of great suspense and danger. Overall, this is a truly engaging mystery and I am looking forward to the next in the series. Highly recommended.
I learned a lot about some of the wives (knew a great deal about some before I read the book. I highly recommend this book!
The book is ok. She repeats herself over and over. I enjoyed the idea of deciding if each item brings me joy but toying with idea my things have feelings was a bit too much. I gleaned some nuggets but most of it was just repetition.
Out of my normal read but it sounded interesting and I like to come out of the box once in awhile. Storyline was remarkable. Detective work in a dream state now that's out there but this author made it work. Good book to read over the weekend.
Right now, this book is a bit dated, but it used to be the best filmmaking book for film students. Trust me. I was one.
Read this book through and through and learned a great deal. I can credit 2 tournament wins to this book alone.
El libro llego a timpo y su contenido es excelente, pero tiene una rasgadura en la tapa frontal, seguramente se averio duarnte el embalaje al momento de ser empacado.
I'm a contract manager and this book is an indispensable tool for me in carryout my job functions. Very good book. I'll recommend it to any business person, who is into Information Technology.
I agree with the rest, I really couldn't put it down.. I have some minor criticisms but over ally I enjoyed it so much, that I would encourage others to give it a chance. It's a good, solid story, very worth reading..
To be honest I did not find many of the boxes in this book that attractive. Granted I am not what you would call a sensisitve artsy kind of guy, but I just thought some of the boxes in the book were not very nice looking. The instruction and detail of the book were very good but I found many of them just plain odd looking. Might just be my idea of what a Heirloom box should look like.
I have yet to be disappointed with one of them "neighbors from bell" series... Connor & Rory were a riot and I enjoyed being able to read a great story!!
Easy read. Liked the characters. Read in 1 day which is unusual for me.
This is a wonderful fairytale that could easily have been true. Well written, light-handed and it transports you to a different world.
As an author myselfand a major fan of Scott O'DellI try to be gentle and fair with my reviews. I think that Zia is a good story, as the sequel to Island of the Blue Dolphins. However, it was not edited well. Many text passages are redundant, while at times it suddenly "skips" ahead to an unrelated thought. Nonetheless, this is still an excellent story about Native Californians and their tenuous coexistence with the Spanish missionaries.
A hopeful portrait of the dangers of growing up and our need for each other. You instantly care about the characters but are continuously surprised at the twists and turns of their young lives. Not just for young people. We all can relate!
Good resource for an overview for a travelling fly fisher.
It's ok for practicing tactical motifs. I personally prefer the CT Art ones. They seem more practical. Or the ones in the encyclopedia of chess combinations.
A departure from his previous work - Jonathon Blair is no Arkady Renko - but Rose is a beautifully-crafted story of Victorian Wigan and the intrigues of Northern industrialists. Very enjoyable. I would certainly enjoy further tales of Blair
This is one of my son's favorite books. He loves it so much. I docked off a star because it is not informative at all in explaining how to use the potty.
Very nice. Smaller than I though but still very nice
Interesting memoir documenting an important piece of history in the ongoing struggle for gender equality. I grew up hearing about "Women's Lib" in an abstract and often disparaging way, so it was fascinating for me to read a firsthand account. Definitely recommend--I only wish there had been a bit more detail on the lawsuit itself, and a bit more information on the other kinds of protests going on in New York and around the U.S. at the time.
While normally I find first books that an author wrote to be lacking something and rough around the edges, I absolutely adored this book. Very well done, the story was well developed and the characters are clear. It's written in third person. This book is a bit of an emotional roller coaster which kept me sitting on the edge of my seat and turning the page. I loved it! I hope you enjoy this book as much as I have. :)
Love this series a lot. I have been a big fan of Sarah since her throne of glass series. Overall i really enjoyed the book and I cant wait for her next book, also can't wait for her dc icon series of catwoman.
A well written book that covers all you need to know when purchasing a hedgehog. Set out in easy to find sections.
The story kept my interest. It's twist & turns, kept me guessing on who was the villain. The love story between the brother & Emily's best friend kept me guessing also. The ending was a total surprise.
This book reminds me of A. Conan Doyle's Shelock Holmes mysteries: We have the brilliant, unorthodox investigator and his faithful assistant. The story is quick paced, graphic, and for the most part, original. The last 50 or so pages disappointed me though, as the ending struck me as too "Hollywood". One of the better books I've read recently.
Anne Carson is amazing. She is able to draw us into Greek mythology through her unique approach. This was a very interesting poem/novel.
The story line was different, it made me wonder how Lee Child thinks of these things. I am a Jack Reacher fan, but did not feel that this was the best from the author.
Excellent read. Silva has a real grasp of current events and is able to spin them into current spy fiction. Very good writer who keeps you interested right to the end. HIs characters are beleivable.
Not an author or genre I typically read, but this is a good story. I can't wait to see what happens next.
Incredibly helpful to make it through organic 1. Has pretty much all reactions you need to know at the back of the chapters. My professor gave homework problems from the book.
Cute and funny story. Thought the characters were very funny and some even relatable. Quick and fun read for haning out at the beach or by the pool.
This was an interesting story with drama, romance, family, and mystery. The characters were well developed. I enjoyed very much.
This book adds to the delicious series on the homey and authentic small town of Mitford. Fun and profound reading with humor and insight.
This is a facinating look at mathematics and economic development wound around a schizophrenic (and irritating!) genius. The progress of John Nash through a 30 year illness, his colleagues, their insights and criticisms and John's eventually uplifting life makes for tough reading at tlmes but worth the read.
This is the missing link in graduate education today! Ph. D students go through the professionalization rituals nowadays without any passion for politics or scholarship. There's no sense of history either. This book corrects that anomaly to a great extent. It should be required reading for every graduate student in political science, not just comparativists.
I highly recommend this book, it is great for the new high school earth science standards, very thorough. Thank You.
Good read, not amazing but decent. Worth getting if you're a King fan.
'Love the story, The CDs needed o be cleaned and box arrived destroyed. After some trouble, thyey ar so far playable discs.
I enjoyed it a great deal. "A Walk in the Woods" was better, but this is time well-spent.
A very well written and historically accurate account of William's conquest of England. Just enough fiction around the history to make a good story. The characters are well developed and consistently portrayed.
The premise of the book is entertaining for kids, and the illustrations are full of fun detail. One of my favorite things about this book, though, is that it is one of only a handful of children's books to feature an interracial couple, a biracial child, and professionals of various races.
This was great addition to the series loved this couple. Start at the beginning of the series to enjoy the full impact of everything that's happening. Great story with great characters. Dealing with racism in shifter world and with humans wanting be free and accepted for who they were. The love scenes are intense. Strong female lead and secondary characters loving this series quick read but worth it!
I really enjoyed the story can't wait to read more books in the series.
It's a rich picture of what life in the lumpy melting pot of New York City might be like for such creatures if they existed. The issues they face and the context in which they face them are both fascinating, though it was slow in some places it held my interest through those passages.
Dortmunder and crew agree to be on a reality tv show about them planning and executing a heist. As usual, nothing goes according to plan... Typical of the entire series, a huge dose of suspension-of-disbelief is required, but once you get past that, it's an absolute hoot. This one is probably the funniest one I've read, in part because of a subplot that scathingly rips into the surreal world of reality television. If you like the series, you'll like this one and probably think it 5-star stuff.
I couldn't put this book down. If you read no other book in 2012, let this be the only one! Dave Barry has done it again pushing writing to the limits with his no-hold bar comedy and satire. This story follows 2 polar opposite Jews on the most insane and impossible journey ever to be told. From becoming Terrorists by mere accident, to blindly saving multiple countries while have severe bowel issues, these guys solve all of the world's major crisis being asinine and moronic. A must have belly wrenching read!! Received from Goodreads to review.
it has helped with my 73 chevy cheyenne super 20 restoration project all around a good book to read and help any body with a smillar truck
A decent read about one major raid and the preparation required. Trying to remember that old movie you saw when you were a kid.
So adorable! I wanted to review since I have a baby niece who's multilingual and sometimes I have a tough time finding books. Book languages (English/Spanish) are easy and fun to read and I think they'd make perfect gift for parents who would like to have their children introduced to different languages! The illustrations are very cute.
The Secret of Heaven follows Aiden, his fianc Miriam as the search for the Lost Bible against the clock. Fast-paced and easy to read, this page turner will leave you wanting more. And since this book one of a series, I can't wait to see how this story unfolds. There are plenty of interesting characters and layers to the story that are sure to make the next few books just as entertaining and exciting.
It is funny,sweet and I really enjoyed it. It is almost like don't give a mouse a cookie. So basically I loved this book
I love books that have a series. This is a good read for the 2nd book in the series.
Enjoyed the twists and turns in the story ,, would like to read more from this author...very different from what I read usually.. but it was a story within a story
This book was super enjoyable and such a good read. I was getting sick of lesbian fiction being all sex and little plot. This book was completely the opposite. Just the right amount of sex and a great story although a. It lacking in parts about her father.
A little predictable but still entertaining. Love this author. I am always looking for her next book. You never know what she will come up next!
Loved this one, it's way better than the first book.
I almost put this one down after the first couple of chapters. It seemed just a bit too formulaic, mundane. But as I got further into it, it grew on me and now I find myself inclined to find the sequel. An easy read, but some interesting themes and characters. Heres to Joan, ahhh-ooooowww....
I really loved the concept of this book. I can too easily imagine a world where the very food we need to live is causing us to get sick. This book has a lot of potential, and could very well reach that potential with some polishing.
An informative and detailed look at the concept and practice of mindfulness, this book introduces readers to a way of observing their lives like never before. This book makes the concept approachable by assuring readers they don't have to change the way they live they just need to pay attention to whats going on around them. By simply noticing the world and our reactions to it, we can become better able to face lifes challenges while enjoying our lives too.
If you like birds, then you will like this book. It has great illustrations. Good for artists and bird enthusiasts.
A no hold barred account of the 7Th Cav in Vietnam from some one who survived the ambush after Ist Battle at the Ia Drang. I had read about the author in "We Were Soldiers Once And Young" and this is a very insightful account from someone who was there.
This is the beginning of a series like Butcher's Honor Harrington series, and I am looking forward to more mayhem!
This is a light easy read. It's a little dumb at times, but has interesting characters and seems accurate to the time period.
Bad grammar. Consistent use of "your" instead of "you're" is just one example. Using the spell check option on a computer will only get so far. The story was pretty good, but the grammar made it frustrating
Not terrible, not fantastic. I think I'm reading her books more out of habit now. The writing is good, but the stories are beginning to feel predictable. Maybe everyone isn't absurdly wealthy?...
Pretty good storyline, a few flow issues on the island, but not a bad read!
It's just ok. I love Shel and use his "stuff" all the time and most is quite hysterical. This is just ok. Not his best.
I erred in selection of this book. I needed a text that would aid my in transitioning from Windows XP desktop to Windows 8.1, not the touch screen version. Good illustrations however.
fine for what it is, but not what I expected
This book is GREAT, and most excellent in its covering of the Greek and Roman myths, but I found that the information on the Norse myths to be sadly lacking. Overall, the book is good to own, but if you're looking for Norse mythology, buy something else.
Didn't find the explanations all that good. Seemed to assume you already know some things when they explained. Good sense of humor. Needs to be more clearly written though.
The format of this book, divided as it is into questions, which it then proceeds to answer, makes this hard to read through since some info is repeated for different questions. While it does not softball human rights issues with Castro's regime neither does it "ask" really hard questions concerning Communism and instead keeps "asking" about Cuban arts and culture. Is this really what everyone needs to know about Cuba?
Tim 1 & 2 didn't speak to me like the Zombie Fallout series and Books of Riley did. Not bad books, just not as good as the aforementioned ones. Mark Tufo is a great writer though, I'm definitely a big fan of his work
The book is written in Japanese, this was not clear enough in the description. Too bad I can only look at the pictures.
good general discussion of the mathematical foundations of computation, but very little material on how the theoretical work in the early 20th century was transferred to working machines.
An easy summer read about a complicated family. Told from the point of view of many of the main characters.
its a quick read ok plot not anything that makes you not want to put it down but a good time killer
its ok got its job done was not new though but it was important for the class and im passing the class.
Like the reviewer directly below, I found the images in this book to have a stark difference between those I conjured in my mind. Wood's images are wonderfully researched and painted, but when you will leaf to the page of any character especially close to your heart, you will find him/her to be very different from what you imagined ("I didn't think Robinton lokked like that..."). Likely this book will sever the personal link between you and the characters of the book, making them just regular people you meet, rather that close friends.
A better biography than I expected from a comedienne who I have tried to like but whose work often leaves me unmoved. If you haven't read Bossypants by Tina Fey read that before this.
I purchased this book because I am almost 50, and beginning to have slight knee issues. I run regularly, practice yoga a couple times per week & an overall healthy vegetarian eater. Diana offers basic information about stress that is easy to understand. However, he spends a great deal of time talking about himself as well as subtly pushing his own products/website. Thus, I lowered my rating for this reason. If your willing to wade through numerous NFL stories & resist product promotion, then this is a decent read with helpful information.
Easy read. Nice story line. I do not have very much more to say about this book. You might like it
This is not the best Care plan book to get...no wonder it was so cheap in price. It does not include alot of information. I have two big care plan books and the other one is- Nursing Care Plans: Nursing Diagnosis and Intervention (Nursing Care Plans) by Meg Gulanick and Judith L. Myers. I shoved this book aside and opened up the care plan book listed above because it had alot more information.
Not quite as inspirational as his other books, in fact, almost more of a summary of his other books. Didn't feel he really went as in to depth, but its ok
I haven't read the book as of yet. So it gives me something to look forward to. I have so many books I haven't gotten to, that when i get around to it I have the books to read.
Instead of baby dinos, we have baby saints! Are other authors wondering where else a little DNA can be scared up for their new book? I am personally more interested in who John Case really is. My guess? James Bamford. He wrote a book called The Puzzle Palace, about the NSA, and also writes for The Washington Post (notable since Case's other book centers around a Washington Post reporter). Do I win a prize if I'm right?
Eh. Lots of cliches and a focus on Olympic athletes. But disappointed overall.
a lesbian who is notably or stereotypically feminine in appearance and manner. Could of been better. ending sucked pt2 please
It's more a wink to those who know Manhattan*, and remarkably similar to Julia Rothman's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hello-NY-An-Illustrated-Love-Letter-to-the-Five-Boroughs/dp/1452109842/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hello NY: An Illustrated Love Letter to the Five Boroughs</a>. *Diners are all but extinct, hawks aren't, Uber cars outnumber taxis, and in GENERAL: 3 blocks = 1 avenue 20 blocks/7 avenues = 1 mile even streets run east, odd run west, crosstown run east-west
Very well written but an over rated book. I don't know what else to say as it is just not that great
This book was very insightful giving us the prosecution's viewpoint. Marcia Clark gave us her perspective on why things did not turn out the way she saw it. The mountains of evidence mapped out should have been enough to convict and the errors Judge Ito allowed insolence her job difficult if not impossible. I would be curious as to how this case is perceived by law schools who have time to analyze every aspect .
If you're new to photographing weddings buy this, then sell it Learn what you like, then sell it on amazon not for pro photogs pros: posing guide is basic cons: old school - traditional poses if you want a better high fashion look for todays bride - type in "award winning wedding photographers" into google and you can find better online free sources.
I was so disappointed by this book. It really lacked of character development and depth to their relationship. You don't feel like you really got to know either character. I felt like this book was more about setting up the mystery part of the "Devil's Brood" trilogy than about the couple. I absolutely loved her earlier books about the couple's parents, their courtship and their HEAs. I really am hoping that Ms. Laurens fleshes out the coming stories of Sebastian's siblings.
Very good yarn and well written but has some weaknesses in the structure of the book. The different characters are not well defined ans seemed to me to have behaviors that do not correspond to their personalities. I liked the Bret Easton Ellis type coldness of description of terrible violence which quite reflects our societies...
I won't lie, I've watched all the seasons of OITNB and I thought the book would be amazing since the show is really good. This was not the case. I got bored and kind of lost from time to time, because Piper's writing seemed all over the place to me. I took almost a month to finish reading this and I only finished it because I forced myself to read it.
This book took a long time to get into and while there were some good points the book overall wasn't too exciting. The history behind it was interesting.
Thought it would more recipes than it did. Calorie and nutrition info are not listed for the recipes. Really would have liked that.
Enjoyed the premise more than the story. Trivialization of criminality, then opining on penal rights and wrongs became boring and too self-serving on the author's part.
Not what I wanted. I wanted the book PLUS the guided meditation CD. No guided meditation was included. I really like Jack Kornfield and felt cheated that I didn't get the CD which was really why I ordered tje book in the first place. Still Jack Kornfield is very important int the mindfulness / Buddhist arena so I am not totally disappointed. Though I have other books that are probably just as good. Again I wanted the CD which comes with the Hardbound book.
This book definitely wasn't as good as the others. The story was slow the scavenger hunt was corny and it took to long to unfold.
My toddler loves this book, but the book is not made very well. It fell apart within a few hours of receiving it. My son has tons of board books but this is the only one to fall to pieces.
interesting plot and character development. jack mcclure was at his best, fighting plot and intrigue and finally getting to the bad guy. one drawback... too much preaching against religion - setting up straw dummies and burning them easiily... too many straw dummies that didn't really ad to the plot.
if you don't know much about philosophical terminology, such as I, the work is a waste of time.
An interesting book charting the life and death of the Titanic, though shorter than I expected, really just skimming the surface of the tragedy. The book concentrates on the people known to be on board, principally those in first class, who were, of course, better known. I had hoped for more information on the construction of the ship and more detail on the sinking, particularly why the way the ship was constructed failed to prevent it going down.
The photos are excellent, of course, but what usually sets Brandon's photos apart from others like them are the stories that accompany the photos. In this book, the stories are far too brief -- often just something like "seen in Central Park" -- and because they are in all caps and sometimes placed right on the photo, they are hard to read. I was really looking forward to the stories. I should have looked at the book before buying it.
I was not as impressed by this book as others in the genre. Too many similarities to overcome right away. However, I decided to read the second book in the series anyway and LOVED the second book. It became its own novel with all of the pieces fitting right into place.
THIS book reminded me why I don't read young adult fiction. It's immature, has a lot of very convenient plot devices, and is somewhat dull. Pretty good though.
THE SMALL PHOTOGRAPHS ARE NOT POSSIBLE TO SEE THE DETAILS OF THE TECHNIQUE. IT SEEMS THAT THE TECHNIQUES ARE OF DIFFICULT APPLICATION. MORE IT IS A GOOD BOOK WILL COUNT IMPORTANT TECHNIQUES
Textbook was for principal certification class- interesting read about the different aspects that go into the school as a whole.
I think the first story written by Brenda Hampton was GREAT! I'm forever a fan now. However, the second short story just didn't captivate me and the ending was just bad.
This book is about people living in Alaska and surviving on necessary lessons. Depending on your skills and what you are able to do without.
Okay concept but a bit flat and cerebral in execution. I had to slog through it but I did get some great ideas.
the text in the book was quite helpful and the artistry of the photos were great...but the fact of the matter is, someone would have to be crazy or else realllly daring to try some of these hairstyles: think teased huge, feathers sticking out of the head, chopsticks-overload giving a general porcupine look to one hairstyle. as inspiration or perhaps wild runway looks they're wonderful, but i don't know anyone who would ever attempt to wear one of these styles in public. keep that in mind.
A little too caught up in the privileged mindset. Don't we have more important things to place our attention on.
Hmmm, this is boring! My professor keeps correcting what they did wrong and what they missed. It's very big and annoying to carry it around but oh well.
I don't know what I expected. . . but this wasn't it. Okay story for once in a while, but definately not a frequent reader.
Nigel is a great chef. Bought it as a gift for someone who never cooks and would have liked some pictures to give a guide as to what the meal might look like.
Over use of descriptive verbage. Misuse of the word "hanger">"hangar""
Enjoyed learning some Polish history and may indeed get another one in the trilogy, but the story-line was pretty predictable. It was a fast read to pick up the plot easily after a few days while I was waiting for an appt. or whatever.
It keeps you reading that's for sure. I will read the rest of the series just because of this book.
An ok read, kind of boring. Has some good areas , very typical and nothing surprising. Dont waste your money.
I like the concept just didn't really care for the constant repetitiveness it took away from the story. I got an ARC and am giving an un-bias opinion.
Initially difficult to follow, because it jumped from past to present. Eventually, had a good story line. Interesting history aspect.
The first part had too much description, but it started getting more interesting toward the end I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't the spell binder that I anticipated.
Too long and drawn out. Got bored with it and skimmed through just to get to the end and start something else.
This is a good book. The only thing is it is a very small book, not very thick. Don't pay alot of money for it.
Kept my attention going. Even made me feel how lucky I am to have freedom of everything in this life.
Most of the contributing authors here are women, writing about commercial fishing from a female perspective. A bit too touchy-feely for this this man's taste. The writing is high quality, just not the style and genre I was expecting. Too many "issues" to wade through for me.
The book is just ok. The only thing new I've learnt from it is about its use for gardening. Maybe should it be organised differently to make its uses standing out more clearly and specifically.
Like a lot of sex with your superhero? Then this is the book for you because the real adventure is in the bedroom.
This book's blurb advertises it as a romance between Grace and Jake and there is very little of that. It is more about Beth, Jake's sister, and her machinations and schemes to make everyone happy while she battles a stalker. The best thing about the book is Gizmo, the ex-army therapy dog.
Being a Hank Williams fan, I looked forward to reading this book. Although there was some good info on Country Music's greatest song writer, I found the book to be only average at best. The author could have included more information about the life and music of Hank Williams while still tying Hank to the author's life. I should have been typed off as to the quality of the book when the author liked Jett Williams more than Hank Williams Jr.
I had to get this book for a course I took to earn my Masters in Nursing Administration. Actually reading it though was not as bad as I thought. It broke each concept down well and kept my interest. It is certainly an important topic and it raises some good questions. I would recommend it for any nursing program, under grad and post grad.
But I was intrigued and entertained after a bit. I would have enjoyed seeing the plot and characters play out a bit longer because I did get invested. actually I give the warm up a 3 and the remainder a 4.
It requirse a stretch of the imagination, but it encourages an alternative perspective. The masculine view of history has ruled for so long that we have let it stand as fact without enough question. I would like to think that there were women like the widow who used their intelligence to make their own way in a world that was skewed towards men. Change comes in an evolutionary manner, but sometimes it is shoved by little revolutions.
I would give this a 3.5 based on the interesting characters and setup. After that it is a somewhat predictable thriller with good guys and bad guys.
Great period novel! The writing is very interesting. Good read!
Only okay. Nothing new for Dylan fans. The author tends to repeat himself. Hadju's book is much better.
I have loved everything by Jane Graves... Heart strings and Diamond Rings not so much. Cute story but lots of filler that did not add to the story.
This was less depressing than the first book, in fact, if this had been the first story I might have liked it more. It still carried the sad shadow of the last book. I felt that everything was wrapped up, and I didn't hate these books, but I didn't love them either.
It was for my daughter so I really don't know much about it.
A good story, heartbreaking from the start. I had one issue with this book and it was the MC. She was so annoying after a while. She was so oblivious and selfish and I just couldn't stand her. She blamed her husband for everything when she was the one who just gave up. She never listened ir really saw him. Why not try couples therapy or just talking in a normal way? But besides that I think it was a good read.
An IM shot of Haldol and Ativan works in 15 seconds? Not in my experience as an MD....
I would recommend this book. However, I think the editor did a terrible job. The dates and ages are completely inconsistent throughout the book. On one page, Peter is told to have gotten his dog at age three, but on the next page, two year old Peter rode on the dog's back. The second to last page the wrong character's name is written; it should be Patrick but says Alex. Yes, I admit that these are minor details but they detract from the book's overall impact. Very sloppy!
I am not a fan of short stories, though I am a fan of L. L. Bartlett's Jeff Resnick stories. Short stories, as far as this character goes, is not Bartlett's milieu. Stick to the novels. Build the characters and the action. I'm wondering if, as in many TV programs, the addition of an infant puts a pall on the overall series. I hope not. Maybe it's time for Jeff to move on.
This was a saddened love story. The plot was good along with the grammar, but the characters never really grabbed me. I felt Niall was to giving or cooperative. She had backbone in dealing with the trauma she went through but not with Vic.
Once I got past the grammatical errors and typos, I found a very sweet romance. The characters are well defined and the plot is very good. This is a fast read and the story moves along with no dead spots. I would recommend this book with the advance warning of this book needing to be edited.
The book covers modern Mongol shamanism to a reasonable degree, but leaving some areas not covered. At first I thought the book was simply deficient in spots, but I think perhaps it is Mongol shamanism that is deficient. What I would like to see is a book on how their shamanism was BEFORE the Russians and Chinese tore their country to pieces and forcibly converted so many of them. Perhaps such knowledge is lost to history.
A good book which was thoroughly enjoyed by our book club but a few did not enjoy it as much
It's kind of annoying having to put all the pages in a binder but I have yet to find a hard cover so this will have to do for know but It is very helpful at breaking things down in the chapters even when the professors can't lol
I enjoyed this light fantasy, but numerous spelling and grammatical errors were a distraction. Ebooks do not have the same editorial oversight as printed books...common problem.
Eh. Not bad, not good. Decent i guess. Kinda lame. Kinda cool. Ok overall. Anticlimactic ending. Id give it a 2 or 3.
I just read Ready Player One and was hoping this would be on the same level. It was a good read but my expectations were too much and it was a let-down compared to it.
quick read. very predictable. I bought it to complete the series.glad I did not pay full price for a.y of them.
interesting book. told me a few things i didn't know. very helpful.will look for more of her work.
Quick and easy read. Good story. Enjoyed our couple. This is a combo of military, country music sweet heart and step sibling romance. I enjoyed this but not as much as the other two written by this author. But still a good read.
very slow moving, if you can stay with it it is a good read. I didn't think the characters were very well developed.
It's ok, it just does not keep my interest going. I am in the middle of it but I could stop now.
It was good...not my usual taste in books. Made for a good beach side book
Good book, just not my style. A little harder reading than I'm used to due to how long ago it was written.
It came without the 2 CD's! Supposed to be attached to the inside back cover of the book. I don't recall this was stated when I ordered the item. If it was, why, I totally missed it. Oh Wee!
I was not really a fan of this book. On the surface, it discusses Spanish colonialism in Peru but seems more interested in Marxist propaganda and criticism of class structure than Latin American History. Still, there is a place for such theses in history and Stern does a good job of supporting his argument.
A large portion of the book referred to characters from another edition. If one read the book referred to, it might have been interesting. An author should not assume that readers remember plot lines from previous books.
Bought this book after hearing her speak on the moth. She told a wonderful story and I wanted to hear more. The show is fun, but the book is marginal at best. She's a wonderful speaker, but her writing is dull and uninteresting. Couldn't get through it.
Naw - this was over-hyped and in fairness to J.K. we all expected too much. Clumsy, contrived, cartoon characters. But for the name, I would have abandoned this mess after Chapter 1.
story seemed drawn out and had no depth I got the link on recommended reading and thought I'd give it a try. was not lucky to get a gem just a badly written story.
This book has many creative ideas. But, they are mostly ideas that would require major remodeling, would be impossible, or would only be helpful when designing your blue prints. There are decorating ideas, but overall, this book is geared more toward the architect. An example is an in-the-wall loft, and another is a split level bedroom. Also, the rooms are rarely your average square bedroom but instead have very creative floor plans. SO- the book is creative and attractive, but not very useful.
His first writings I believe...interesting to see how he developed from here...his roots. This is not like his accomplished and alternative novels. But as follower of his novels, I was interested in how it all began.
I couldn't get through it. I made it to (50%) and had to stop. The amount of detail spent on just the training of the "recruit" was painfully, excruciatingly tedious. It's important to flesh out characters in a story but this story took that to a fault in my opinion. I figured by at least half way through the book, the characters would be interesting to the level of the reader being invested in one or two of them. Sadly, this was not the case for me.
I agree with the other review in that this book requires way too much preparation before each activity. Although the activies probably to do work well, the materials that you need to either create or buy are necessary in order to present an effective activity. I think I used about two lessons in my classroom, not practical at all.
Found myself unable to finish this book. The subject was poorly presented, bland dribble that I don't think that would help me to initiate, maintain, or end a conversation with a stranger. It's largely a book telling you to get out and talk to people with no real substantive advice on HOW TO do that.
Bought this book because I was told it was about a bully I went thru grammar school with. It was to a small point but not the main character and little was said about him. The journey she wrote was more self consumed without much insight or interest.
Did not like this book. The premise of story is really unbelievable and far fetched. Did not feel realistic at all. The finale was somewhat predictable. The psychopathic violence was way overplayed. Got very tiring and seemed like a cheap way to fill space. Just way overdone. Not suspenseful, just kind of disgusting after a point. A disappointment overall, after the first two books which were better.
this story is very drawn out, the characters are unlikable, the writing is style is very complicated. Don't waste your time.
Not much action and I could not get through it. May appeal more the opposite sex but for me it did not work.
Was able to read first half of book and found it to be interesting and then over. I couldn't get 2 pages to follow together. Skipping going back and forth. Could not finish book. Certainly not the authors fault but he's being treated badly. One more book like that from Amazon and their kindle and it hits the trash
For an interactive board book with flaps, I was hoping it would have been sturdier. My 2 year old opened a few flaps and within a few bends, they were off from the pages. As a librarian, I've shown her the way to care for books and she's very mindful of not tearing pages but these flaps weren't designed very well with little ones in mind.
The story picked up towards the ending but overall I thought the storyline was a little lame. Sabin's character was all over the place. At times he came across gay, even though he was suppose to be a ladies man. I have to be honest his character annoyed me, I think Park's couldn't decide what his personality should be. I know it's just a story to be to be read but it has unrealistic substances between the characters. Also, they cussed too much, as if that is a norm for everyday conversations.
I wish I hadn't paid for this - the writing was not as good as her other books! I only read through as much as I did to find some answers - overall disappointed, she's definitely a better writer than this
Has a lot of typos and is poorly organized. The author mixes good and bad examples throughout without warning, which means you read through entire cases before he explains, "this is an example of a bad answer." This is understandable in some cases, but for this type of book I'd like to see a more organized approach to the presentation of good and bad answers to potential questions.
Absolutley terrible. Bought 5 Princeton AP books this year, all riddled with typos. This one was particularly aggrivating. The review of the actual content was alright, but the practice tests were so terrible I had to give it two stars. It's not okay to sell a $20 review book when you didn't even bother to check for errors.
The envelopes lacked adequate glue and would not stay closed! Many mail problems were reported by the recipients.
Few write quite as well as Ms. Jacobs on social and urban issues. She takes a social subject, tosses it into a scientific vat and spurts out a work of art! However, in this work, Ms. Jacobs gets off track in some of the descriptions, taking the social context in the Toronto area and expecting it to function as a universal model.
Overall, the concept and plot line for this book were good. There was just a lot of little things that didn't make sense, like how one minute they're in a room with caged animals and the next they are walking outside. There were also at least five grammatical/spelling errors on every page. Some were easier than others to overlook. Flowers from Cannibals really needs a editorial makeover but afterward it would be a fantastic young adult book.
his book is self indulgent and not worth the money
you know how when you start reading a book your excited because reading the other reviews or the preview in the story your like wow, i'm going to blown away or read something i've not read before well i'm finding that hard right now. Just within the first pages i was so disappointed, i didn't even care to finish it. smh i'm so tired of getting myself worked up and it's not even worth it!!!!!!!
This book was so poorly written I could not bring myself to finish reading it. The characters have little depth, if any. The plot is so contrived it borders on ridiculous. This book's one saving grace is that it was free.
This book was a wonderful gift. My daughter loved it. I would also like to add that Amazaon was amazing when I made an error on the shipping address. They were able to get me another book in time for the holidays. Thank you amazon for your help.
I listen to 1-2 audio books a week. This book is the first book I have not been able to finish in ten years. The narration was annoying, as was the continuous talk about himself in such an odd way. It was almost like he was trying to convince the reader that he was normal. It was just an odd listen that I had to turn off. I don't usually do many book reviews and when I do they are usually five stars, but this one..shewwwwwwwwieeeeeeeeee...
This book does a very basic overview of the Civil War technology breakthroughs. Suitable for eigth grade-HS. graphics are good
yeah, can't believe this won an Edgar. Must have been the "Free Tibet" vote on the committee. The book is good, not great, but good. The Tibet info is a lot of fun and very interesting, but the plot is somewhat bleh and the book drags. It really never grabs the reader. Not sure why so many have gushed about it, but it really is a middling plot, too many coincidences and somewhat unbelievable. Shan, the main character, is as bland as can be as well.
This was a very brief, sometimes obscure treatment of the subjects Perhaps it would be better used in conjunction with the exhibit experience.
1). Lack of clarity -- I have to re-read everything 2). Overwhelming, complex introduction to Java 3). This book would be really hard for beginners, but even if you are an experienced Java programmer, you probably won't find this book helpful, because it is really hard to use this book as a Java reference manual 4). It has no information on Android programming. WHY ANDROID DEVELOPMENT IS IN THE BOOK'S TITLE?
Buy the first flavor bible and save your money, even if you don't eat meat ... the info in the first book is more detailed.
I felt this book started well, but the later chapters leave out vital steps or required files that need to be imported. I think the author needs to have an independent individual read through all the examples and note where steps are skipped. An erratum is really required, after a promising start one feels very frustrated with this book.
The Contradiction of Solitude makes you want to know the secret within the pages. The problem with that is that sometimes when you find out a secret you realize it's not what you thought it would be, and when you find out what it is you realize you would have been better off not knowing. With that being said I have to be honest and say I did not like this book. I have read and loved other books from this author but this book did not work for me.
Because Munchy mosquito stopped drinking blood, instead she ate sugar water. Rattles snake saved a little baby, and all Wiggle's friends ate their new friend Mac apple!!
It is o.k. Some of the pages were missing. For the price, it was probably all one could expect.
No closure at end. One is left with the feeling that you have just finished an advertisement for the next book and probably the series.
Frustrating to read when you turn the page and are somewhere else in the story and don't know how you got there. I didn't like the count and how weak Meg is. I don't like characters who love people who are horrid to them. Did not care for this book. Very disappointed with whoever made the digital copy.
Not impressed. Very cheap. Similar to an album you'd find at the Dollar Tree.
The story is a tad bit played out but overall it was a good time killer book. I liked this one better than the first however I do not like it enough to buy & read the third.
I don't like the high price for this very skinny book. It's a slow read.
Not what I expected. Evidently I have no taste, because why it helped vault Salinger into the ranks of great authors is beyond me.
Sadly, not the best book on the subject. I found several things that apparently had been copied from another book I had read, quoting the same errors. Could be better
I have enjoyed Stella Cameron for years. However, this one just doesn't read the same. I kept looking at the publishing date, which is on the last page of the book (Oct 2013) and wondered. It reads like a book she might have written in the beginning. It's not her usual publisher. It's more like "Cold Day in July" from 2003. Very uneven and I really did not click with the story or characters.
Said it was LIKE NEW and that it was the latest version, was not either... a bit disappointed with this purchase.
The seller I got this from claimed 'Good' quality. I received a book that had bright red stamps from the library on the back cover's inside, and stickers covering it. It was obviously checked out from a library, and the cover's protective, clear layering had begun peeling a bit. I expected good quality- not a book that was covered in stickers, peeling, and stamped. I'm extremely disappointed. Of course, the OHSHC series is great, but I was not happy with the quality I had gotten the book in. I'm not happy.
This book had potential, but didn't achieve it before I stopped reading about 20% of the way through. Surprisingly, the revised setting (the post-Civil War American south) worked reasonably well. Unfortunately, the plot stalled out, more character development was needed, the dialog started getting odd, and there were too many storylines. I was also very disappointed by the amount of profanity--at least 4 just in the portion that I read.
The premise of the book is interesting, the story is good buy unfortunately botched by poor characterization which would allow the reader to immense themselves in the story. There are many events in the book which are just not real enough, somewhat corny and I just personally felt amiss of reality.
.....and by a bit I mean extremely. The idea of the book was pretty good but the writing is juvenile and the culprits can be dissed out by the second chapter.
Disappointing - not a travel log - and not a bio that really conveys self-discovery
Boy, do I wish I had read these reviews before WASTING my money on this book. It was a weak old story being re released now. Do not waste your money or your time on this one!
I'm a great fan of Adler-Olsen and was stunned by the poor quality of the translation for "Guilt". It makes the novel VERY heavy, contrary to JAO's other books I read. Why doesn't Amazon systematically mention the translator's name on the book's page so that we don't make the same mistake twice ?
After reading quite a few of Tijan's books I have decided they are all the same. The author repeats lines over and over again it just becomes annoying. And there is always some friend apologizing (or groveling) to the main character . It is the same with this book. No complexity at all the 2 main characters are in love in a matter of minutes, it just makes no sense. I think Tijan is fine for very young readers only.
The author was trying too hard to be humorous and trendy. I did not care for this book.
I personally found the book difficult to read. It did not capture my attention. Since I never finished the book I cannot comment on the storyline. Returned the book after reading only 68 pages.
Not very happy with this - you can find better stuff for free on the internet. Don't waste your money.
Thought about buying this book just because I have the first 2 and for the most part enjoyed them, but just the huge amount of mixed reviews for this book have me hesitant. And THEN to find out 2 more are on the way? Have to pass this time. :(
College level text (and upper level at that). Lots of formulas, and hardly any explanations for information offered.
I didn't pay as much attention to the subject matter of this book when I ordered it. I have had to read four books about WW II in the last 9 months between the two book clubs I am in. I can't face reading another book from that time era that is going to be heart wrenching. Unless you are in the mood for a depressing story don't read.
I though this was only fair. The tone of the writing was very flat, and the book was heavily padded with generic "inspirational" quotes (about a fifth of the book's 130 pages) that did nothing to further my interest in this man's story. I much preferred "Slow Fat Triathlete" by Jayne Williams, which was much funnier, more informative and genuinely inspirational.
Honestly, the writers took some creative turns I just didn't agree with. The whole thing seemed pretty unbelievable.
I rarely leave negative reviews for books. After all, the author at least finished the thing, which is more than I have ever done. But this book, promoted by Kindle First, was a true disappointment. After a strong start, with a truly engaging protagonist, the author seemed to lack any idea how to follow through. The ending, was ridiculous, but with such a weak plot to begin with, there weren't a lot of places to go. Definitely not recommended.
This is a good book with some very helpful survival tips as well as good direction for the types of supplies to have for an emergency. With that said, there wasn't anything that any other survival book can give you. For $3.00, I feel this ebook is too much for what you get. I received this book for free in exchange for my unbiased review.
Book just ok. Would not recommend. The lead female character was too hard. The husband too perfect. The turn around too dramatic.
While I enjoyed the fast read there was not much meat to the book. The author did this book and looks like in follow up search on the web he got out of the business
I suppose this was a satire on British upper class of a certain age. I found it to be very silly witch is what it was meant to be. So it is what it is.
This book contains grahic violence (lots of curse words too). "But then she saw the blood, it had poured into a thick black pool around her head, sacrafice almost like a halo. It was more blood than..." This is sick. Young adults don't need to read this. What kind of ideas do they get from this? Reviewed by the mother of a 13-yr old.
I know many people will terrorize our neighborhoods for saying this, but it wasn't the number one book we have ever read. Sure it was okay but it was predictable and shallow. The characters weren't endearing. So we could care less about them. This book is a mockery of romance, adventure and drama. But if you like parodies you have our blessing dive right in. Don't waste your money, borrow it.
Part of it was boring. Did not keep me interested. I don't think I would read his books again. Sorry!
Did not think it was a well developed plot - not enough detail - things happened to quickly.
An okay read when you don't want to think and concentrate
This gift bible is okay, but I wish I wouldn't have bought it. For the exact same price you can buy one at Walmart with larger print and thicker pages - much more practical for a child.
This is an unending tale of woe that is a thinly veiled opinion piece in support of government overreach. It overemphasizes the bleak side of the era to the point that the resulting picture is unrealistic.
Largo, excelente el final. Tal vez pudo acotar los hechos, por momentos me tent a saltar hojas, pero la conclusin vali la lectura
It was okay. too much internal dialog explaining medical terms.
At the beginning you are intriged and feel yourself to be in good hands. The rest is a huge disapointment. The hero when on Lilith behaves not as a master spy, but as a stupid adolescent. To add insult to the injury at the end one learns that from the moment he's landed on Lilith he was a puppet and his admittedly stupid actions didn't matter anyway. As in the worst sort of mistery books at the end the hero is told in all boring details what a duche he was. Huge letdown!
I've enjoyed a number of Lee Goldberg's books, but this one really didn't do it for me. As always, the writing is competent and readable, but not a heckuva lot happens for about the first 80% of the book, then there's a few non-violent arrests, followed by a last gasp action scene which hasn't had enough build up for us to care. By the way, I bought the book based on the "look inside" preview on Amazon. That brief sample is easily the best writing in the book.
I put this on our book club list, assuming it is for adults. At about 50 pages in, I don't want to continue. It reads like a 5th grade chapter book, and I just can't see sticking with this writing style for over 300 pages. I'll happily donate it to a Little Free Library, and next time I'll find out what a "Spark Award" is before I bite.
Bogged down in too many extraneous details and predictability. All characters are similar and there is no uniqueness. Started off promising but ended flat.
Some holes in this story, she's a virgin, and he doesn't notice? He's responsible, but calls off work last minute? They fall in love over a weekend? The disapproving parents that don't mind after all? It was nice spending time with these characters, but pointless.
The book i received was different than the one in the Picture, and in much Worse condition that i expected. I was disappointed with the quality of this product. It's in terrible condition and seems as though it has been through 17 owners and should only be worth 10 cents.
it was not the book pictured on the website. my husband wanted to complete his set - this copy stands out like a sore thumb because it doesn't match the rest of the set. I wanted to return it but my husband said not to bother.
Knowing absolutely nothing about the accordion, I wanted a scale book to help me learn the notes so I can sight-read music. The book starts with a simple scale and then jumps into dancing around the button rows. Not fun. Not interesting. I had to sit down and work out my own scales with a couple of other books.
This is another example of the downhill slide of the trilogy system. The first book of this trilogy is OK, the second one is a "flashback-rehash-rerun" of the first and the third one is a return trip to the bank. The first book wasn't good enough to permit a slide. This trilogy has MOVIE written all over it. This trilogy seems like a commercial rather than literary adventure.
I did not get past the 1st chapter on this one. I bought it because the movie previews looked interesting and the book description seemed to match the intriguing elements of the movie. It was well written and engaging, but I don't enjoy horror stories so this one was not for me. VERY dark content.
It's ego-driven and self-serving. If you really want to know all there is to know about Patte Boyd, it's a great read but ugh ... enough already. I thought there would be more about the others.
This book i wouldnt recomend its just outdated and answers are mostly incorrect it did helped me understand a lil bit the very basics and what to prepare for, But Dough to the fact that alot of answers are wrong i wouldnt recomend it to anyone and i really don't think they explain everything very well.
Book was a short read and.not too expensive. Research is still out on effectiveness of these concepts. I do some because I'm sure they do no harm. Not as sure that they produce the stated results.
This book may be okay for those who are young and are just starting their career. Once you are in the race with competent and competing against others including men, I'm not sure if what's written would work.
Well enough written. Interesting enough characters. But the sequence of bad things happening to the protagonist got so outlandish I lost interest in how he'd get out of his mess. I stopped reading a little over halfway through.
did not care for the two main charactersfound the first three quarters of the books surprisingly depressing did like the ending however
Not as interesting as the Harry Potter novels. Predictable simple plot.
I really like the directions and recipes. Unfortunately the book is missing pages 69-92 and has duplicates of pages 93-117. The copy I first borrowed from the library while waiting for my copy to arrive had the missing pages, so maybe there are 2 editions. Mine is a first printing 2014 edition. It is missing half of Paneer, all of Chivo Fresco, and all of Honeyed Toast Cheese recipes. I liked she had recipes to use the cheeses you just made. Just was bummed about the incomplete recipes.
I am a therapist working in a residential treatment environment. Some of the activities might be good for younger children in a typical group setting, but the suggested activities were not realistic for the setting in which I work. A lot of the activities require a lot of instructions and materials, not realistic for a lot of therapists.
Was expecting a book like the other boys books, but this was boring. Still like the text/email format she writes in.
Was a little slow. Didn't capture me like Rule did. In Rule you were drawn in more to the characters Jet I didn't feel that way
I'm afraid I don't agree with the other reviewers. This is not the Martini I've come to respect. If you're about to read your first Martini, start with another book.
Too much repetition of childhood and Africa. Need more about their children and day to day life.
I'm a fan of Jodi Picoult but I found this to be the weakest of her novels. Perhaps she intended to leave us with many unanswered questions, but I found it to be a very unsatisfying read. Her characters and their motivations were not well developed. I didn't really understand any of them.
What a great idea. Learning the rules of Greek through song. I was disappointed that I couldn't hear most of the lyrics, however, and there was no lyric sheet to help me. The recording could have been of better quality, too. I hope this is re-worked. It is a great idea.
The only good part of this book were the pictures inside. Cover was old and damaged and back had water stains and sun damage. I was giving this as a gift so it was too costly to send back. I just gave her my copy. Very disappointed.
I've read better by Fern Michaels. this book was depressing to me. This book dragged too long before a payoff. The payoff was right at the end.
This book is completely useless. The only people this would be good for is those that do not have internet access. It is not comprehensive at all and the information could easily be obtained online and it would be alot more complete. I guess I'm not sure what I was expecting but I thought that it would be a lot more informative on how do deal with family issues and the like with having destination weddings which it does not. If you need (outdated)venue information this is the book for you. Otherwise, obtain your information online, for FREE!
The book was in awful condition when I received it. The last 20 pages (Answers to Selected Problems) fell out on the first day.
Horrible! I bought all 3 of the study guides and studied them religiously for weeks leading up to the test. Pretty much none of the questions were on the test! What a waste of money and waste of time I spent studying something that wasn't helpful! Not to mention there are several wrong answers and misspelled words. Im so disappointed.
hate this book, this book is needed for my class. Not worth it if you don't NEED it. this book has no English in it so you can get lost easily in the text.
The main characters are two dimensional cardboard imitations of children. The teacher comes as close as any to having a personality but even that is expressed mainly in a pair of eyes that fasten her cloak. The most interesting part of the story is that the main character, Leon, keeps pins in a map of the countries his taxi drivers come from. Boring, not worth reading... I tried to read it out loud to a fourth grade class and we could n't get past the half way mark and quit...
This book was awful and a waste of my reading time. I'm sorry but I have to be honest. This book was predictable all the way to the very end and poorly written. Everything was like bam bam bam. Keep trying. Takes a lot to put ur work out there.
Instead of a scholarly introspection into antiquity I found a modern day struggle fomented by the author against about everyone else in the field.
I enjoy reading many things , and sometimes I'm in the mood for a good monster book. I read the first book and thought it wasn't bad so I gave this one a shot. Sadly it was horrible . The plot had so many holes and felt so patched together it was tough to plow through. The ending left me wondering if the kindle version was somehow missing a last chapter. Terrible book not worth even a dollar.
Why anyone would be interested in reading about one of the least interesting stories in pro wrestling is beyond me ???? Batistas wrestling story can pretty much be summed up like this : I learned five moves in wrestling school ..... the same five moves that they teach every untalented musclehead nowadays . Yet because I befriended HHH I got an undeserved push to the moon . The End .
This book , at first, was reading like one of the best books I've read in a long time. Excellent story line, terrific characters and attention grabbing plot. Then after a few chapters it was like the author was possessed by someone else. The story kept going off in so many different directions with no connections between new twists that I threw it away before my mind exploded!! Such a waste.
This was more like little tidbits from magazines that had been compiled into a book. If you are looking for something light-hearted yet still gives useful information, read Vicky Iovine's "The Girlfriends' Guide to Pregnancy". Thank goodness I only got this as a gift because it is not worth the money.
I read this book once to my son. It is so sad and that little boy is so selfish that I was totally shocked. It made me cry. Who the heck needs a children's book like that? I would have to say that it is very well written, because it certainly packs a wallop. Make sure you read this first before you read it to your kids.
This could easily have been written by a high schooler on her/his blog. There was nothing interesting in the book and was crude in the events described.
It's nothing new to write about obscene senarios....it's been done to the point that even the most graphic, horrific, abuse is greeted with a voyeristic nonchalance....what's really sad is that not only is this subject matter still being plumbed, but now it's being done badly. A.M. Homes seriously needs the help of a good editor. If you want to read quality literature about suburban angst, try John Cheever....now he knew how to write!
I've liked the Edie Spence series since the first book, but this one was hard to follow and seemed very disjointed. Not sure where this series is going...
This woman is suffering terribly. She should not be ridiculed. She is irrational and frightened. She needs help in the worst way, not anger. If you cannot see that these are the pronouncements of an intelligent, but incredibly delusional personality, then you are kidding yourself. If someone does not guide this woman into therapy, it will be a tragedy for her and perhaps for others around her.
Not recommended a readers digest version of several good hockey books. Read them instead and saver your money. I would not buy again sample will suck u in
I have enjoyed several Baldacci novels. Did he really write this one? It Is just bad. I read for as long as I could stand it and finally set it aside. I thought before I delete it from my Kindle account, I ought to report Mr. Baldacci's failure (as a warning) to anyone who actually reads reviews before they buy books.
una lastima que no esta en espaol , pero la culpa es mia ,gracias igual.
I like a little more depth to the books I read, but it was OK. This book is more about the drama of dating two people.
Could not believe this crap. Sean, the lead character, spends the majority of the book (when he is not being a god botherer), amassing and issuing enough high powered weoponry to literally equip an army. The rest of the time he and his cohorts are hoarding every scrap of food and useful item for their own greedy benefit. Then suddenly, we decide to throw in Mr Andrews, in the most unlikely scenario imagineable. Hope I do not run into you or your mates Mr Hollerman in the post apolyptic world.
Very disappointed. Most of the ghostwalker books were great reads. This one didn't really tell much of a story. It was mostly about sex. The storyline never got off the ground. It missed what could have been an exciting tale. In other words, "It sucked! " Ms Feehan should be ashamed of this one. It felt like she threw in sex scenes to just to up pages.
Major historical events with great impacts were left out. Dishonest depiction of the Jewish settlers in the early 1900 comparing them to colonialism. The Jews were escaping pogroms and going back to their original roots, theys were not there to colonilize but to stay. They developed the land for the good of all, and that's why Muslims were coming to future Israel to get work escaping poverty in their native Syria , Lebanon and others. That is the story of my family. I would debate anyone ..........
I swear some of these books are just copy and paste without any thought or research put into them.
This product description was misleading. The new version did not contain the myaccess card as promised. We are forced to return the book because we could not find a contact for the seller (Rockswold).
Very disappointing. I'm sure a lot of people bought this book because of the first book.
I had enjoyed The Chaperone so assumed I'd like other writing by Moriarty. I was disappointed. Absolutely no plot and really nothing to discuss even after reading through the book club questions.
Cd with this book was broken and did not work.
This is a apocalyse book for teenage girls- as a female, I am free to declare that. This is (barely) a love story set in post-apocalyptic times. I was hopeful from the description that the main character would be acclimating to being a regular person without a tribe of people clamoring for his every need, and his journey to survive in these times. That would be a story to read. This, however, is not. Keep shopping when you see this title. Unless of course, you're 13.
sorry its not what I thought I believe this is the reader error in chooseing
I was hoping the cards would make pharm easier for me to remember, but the truth is the mnemonics were more distracting than helpful. I definitely regret this purchase.
I would have really enjoyed the book if there had been one inside the package :( I saw it had been delivered and was really happy but when I got home to open it there was nothing inside! I would like to contact the seller.
I should have known better. I am sure there are lots of people who might find this book useful. Just be careful before you order anything more from this company.
Despite being a Harry Potter fan for many years, I was greatly let down by the mangled mess of time travel and fairly weak and confusing plot. Seriously? I've read other Harry Potter fanfiction more worthy of being a Rowling-approved sequel than this garbage. I cringe every time I see this stupid script. I WILL NOT AND DO NOT ACCEPT THIS AS CANON! I can only hope the Fantastic Beasts movie will be good.
I love the NYT crosswords and have been an avid fan for more years than I would like to admit. I enjoy word play, puns, double meanings and the other ploys of crossword construction. These silly puzzles employ misspelt words as answers, strange constructions that make no sense, faulty definitions,weird themes and incorrect clues. I found the puzzles obtuse and not in the least enjoyable. If you enjoy modern crossword puzzles as they should be, avoid this one. I wish I had. Please don't take this as a condemnation of the NYT crosswords in general.
A seriously horrible attempt at writing. Admittedly, writing anything worthwhile in the zombie genre is going to be tough but dang, what a cluster*&^$#. Poorly developed characters, plot holes the size of Mack trucks, and dialogue that makes George Lucas look like Shakespeare. I picked it up on a free giveaway promotion and yet I feel like the author owes me refund.
Did not enjoy. I am not s fan if made up character names and Ryker kinda set a bad taste in my mouth from the start. Hoped book would get better, it did not.
Very disappointed. These recipes require items that a not readily available at my small town grocery store.
This is not a book - it is a booklet, many years old with a musty smell and recipes for items no longer available on grocery shelves.
This was basically an adventure story. Although the premise is interesting, most of the book dealt with the heroine's escape. There seemed to be an unnecessarily large number of deaths and even by the end, I wasn't convinced that the "captors" were really sinister or evil. I wanted to know more about the society's response to the Dearth but there was little discussion of that, except to explain that everything fell apart. Why? I felt like this book could have been much better if there were other points of view provided.
This is one of the most , ridiculous books I have every read, the research is rubbish, the author is probably so delusion it is shocking.
Ask any USS Liberty survivor (USS Liberty Veterans Association) and they will tell you. It is a book written to confuse the American reader and hide the truth of the murderous, deliberate attack killing 34 of our men, wounding 173 out of a crew of 295. Ted Arens
Just awful. Worst by far that he has written. Unbelievable events and characters from beginning to end.
I received this in German . I wish I could read Deutsch, but --- I sent it back and hope that I was reimbursed. Thank you for the reminder. I will check to be sure I was. If there is a copy in English , please let me know.
Didn't like the book. Gave it away to a nutritionist.
Had I known that most of the meals consisted of smoothies I would not have bought the book. I hate smoothies.
It was the stupidest thing I have ever read. Seriously. Dumb af. I don't know how it could have been by dumber.
Lightly researched with little solid information. Not useful as a research instrument. Maybe useable for children. Found it extremely disappointing.
I was thoroughly disappointed with James Patterson's newest book. There was almost no substance to the story. The book was doubled-spaced with a couple of paragraphs becoming a chapter and tons and tons of white space to get the book to size. Patterson seems to be grinding out books that are absolutely nothing like his earliest ones (which were quite good!) I do wish he would review his old books and starting writing "for real" again.
No plot to this read. It was like a daytime soap opera. Bunch of wiening and complaining. Flying to never-never land. Not her best read. The last book was far better. No star from me if it could be done.
I have nothing new to offer that hasn't already been said by other disappointed readers. I think this was a money making ploy on the part of the publishers and not something Harper Lee would have gone ahead with in younger days. I too wish I hadn't read it.
I'm a huge fan of Richter's work, but do we really need a large collection of under worked sketches for his abstract paintings?
The worst book I've ever read. Completely implausible and progressively worse but almost acceptable up until the last chapter where the plot twist suddenly goes laughably bad. Just don't waste your time
BPM is solution for all problem businesses facing today: from Snow White animation to unknown changes of next 50 years -- that's the description, comments, history reivew and the coclusion from Chapter one to Chapter nine. The "why" and "how" are missed. Too bad.
it did not have what i needed in the book.
She comes off as a bully who uses religion as an excuse to spread hate and a twisted world view. There was no real direction besides her self-righteous mission of spreading her passive-aggressive message. She victim blames, she implies that if husbands cheat, it's the woman's/wives fault for not serving/having sex with them enough. As if women are made to serve. Her "teachings" are dangerous and ignorant. She cares more about spewing venom, than actually caring about women, on even the most basic human level. Don't drink the koolaid, kids.
I think that this book is pretty boring because it is about a dude that has to use his left foot all the time and it just tells about his life which if you ask me I don't think that he has one.
This might make for a great reference tool for someone with a decent foundation to work from, but I wouldn't recommend this as an actual introductory teaching tool. The formatting and accessibility, in addition to the poor variety of example problems with often vague explanations, leave much to be desired.
I don't know why I read this book. In fact it was really dumb.sorry Emily rodda. Maybe better next time.
i love nora hess but i don't know what happen to her when she wrote this book!! it was long, and boring i wanted to punch raven in the face half way through the book don't let this one book of nora hess ruin it for u just pass this one up..
Luckily this was a short book and made a real quick read. The whole story was full of cliches and of too perfect of things.
Could not finish this. I was hoping for something much cleverer, but not only was it unimpressive, but it didn't feel well-melded onto the original (and I am both a P&P fan and a huge fan of remixes/satires). Also, the repeated racist comments about Orientals really got on my nerves. There's absolutely no "excuse of the times" for that -- I never feel disturbed by racism when reading Austen's originals.
This book was chosen reading for our book club, sadly I am not able to tell you much as I found it very boring. It's main character is a history teacher who concentrates on telling you the history of the various families of the Fens, a chapter per family. There is an underlying murder story, however I was not interested enough to read past chapter 13.
IF you live in an island and don't breathe regular air, you might be able to live this lifestyle.
is there a zero rating i couldgive this.......... no aw man. she so stole the athurs idea of Wait Till Helen Comes.
If you're looking to buy this book for a class in US, then STOP. This book is NOT the same as the US version. Programming examples are different. Which causes serious issues if you're trying to do homework. The book advertisement says for Java 7 and 8. From what I understand, Java 7 is still in development and there is NO work on Java 8. The current version is Java 6, which the sellier doesn't even mention.
Beautiful girl gets kidnapped by evil man, handsome hero rescues her. Just like all the other books in this genre.
I bought this for my husband to record for our son before deployment and it doesn't work right it won't always play the page your on it might have worked one time but it is so sensitive we don't even use it. Don't waste your money.
I wasn't sure if I had already read this, so I ordered it for my kindle. A message came on and said it was already in my Kindle library. But yet you went ahead and charged me for the book again and I can't figure out how to cancel my order.
Just another revisionist history book. Most experts agree that homosexuality was in proportion to the population--as it is today--within the ranks of pirates. Those men went to sea for adventure and riches, not for sex. This is just a ridiculous book that's based on a ridiculous premise.
Absolute nonsense. The prophecies of Malachy have been proven to be forgeries. Notwithstanding that the false prophecy never claimed that there would only be 112 Popes. Just a load of absolute foolishness.
I have read the first five chapters of this book. While I enjoyed the series, overall the books have been short reads. Since this is a ten book series according to the author, I guess he expects me to pay over $100 for his complete book. Looking at the word count and length of the previous chapters, the whole book will be a small volume. I have paid 99 cents here for longer books with similar themes and writing styles. I am done enriching Mr. Tate.
this is a BLANK black book. You do not need this. I thought it meant black book sessions from him. If you want to look like a super toy with a black book that is stamped giant, then buy this from me. Never mind I'll leave it at the near legal wall. FREEBIES JERRY
The author has already been outed as a Rangers hater. Why would you accept his opinions on a book about them? As my title suggests, would a book by Hitler about Jews be worth reading? Of course the answer to this would be a resounding NO. So his views are already tainted and not worth the ink or the paper it is printed on.
I read through this book and got amazed how the Indiana University even considered attaching its name to it. Because this is total falsification of the Georgian history and straightforwardly an INSULT to any person who has ever had any positive emotions towards Georgia. Don't waste your time, this book will mislead you.
I did not know this was a "cryptic" crossword. Also, the sample explanation of how the puzzles work did not seem to correspond with"Grid 61" as , nor could the giftee find any grid that did correspond. All in all a very disappointing purchase.
This book is TRASH please sign the petition on Change.org to get Amazon to remove this filth from its site. This book is a "how to" on how to physically and mentally abuse children. ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!!!! [...]
The author spends a large amount of time on creative descriptions of every little thing. I don't know if there are any other ways to describe an obese person. The author used them all. (too often) I became exhausted trying to weed through the fluff to get to the story and I finally gave up. I was unable to find anything likeable about any of the characters so it was hard to get involved enough to really care about them. I am surprised that the book earned 4 stars overall.
This is one of the worst books I've ever read; and I've read William Shatner's works. This book is mainly high value/demand due to low printing and because it was the first Battletech novel.
Not very good. 1. Mister Intelligentsia extraordinaire. Very hard to follow. 2. Information not great. 3. Certainly not presented well. Would STRONGLY recommend 'Genesis One Code by Friedman' That's if one truely wants to get a grasp on this stuff BarryJ
Not a particularly well written book. The author had a lot of negative experiences in war. He tells his tale from a liberal, anti-war point of view. There's nothing wrong with that. But it's not a balanced account.
Yay my books came in...Oh wait, something doesn't look right. Unless I can't count? I'm sure my stack (top picture) is missing Volumes four and six. I only paid hundreds of dollars for these books. Not happy!!!
I know I only paid less than a dollar, but I just don't get it! This Kindle Version has no Table of Contents at all. For me, a 1200 page e-book with hundreds of chapters without a TOC is useless. Can someone fix this and create an update?
The material is generally ok. However, I found 1 or 2 errors and when I called the publishing company they first sent me the wrong supplement that didn't match up and when I brought this to their attention then they sent me an email asking me to detail where all the errors were in the book. When I told them I didn't have time to also proof their material, they stopped responding. Math study material should not have errors... it really jeopardizes the quality of the material.
Contento con el libro. Si llego a saber los gastos de envo sorpresa no lo compro.
This is not like the series, I was very disappointed!
Complete waste of money, doesn't include the Punjabi just his translations
Didn't make it half way. The Magee character was just annoying and awkward in a not humorous way. Made me want to slap my kindle in the face for just being stupid, if it had one..
This filth is equivalent to child porn, these subhumans need to be in prison.
I did not order this or receive it. Hope I did not pay for it. I have no idea what this book is and have never seen the cover or heard of the author before.
Stupid ! Started out fine with a supposed great homicide cop but he turned into a complete idiot who was fooled by a psychopath with fake boobs. The cliffhanger will not make me suffer through the next book.
...since I just purchased this book this is NOT a review of the content. But, it is to forewarn people the Kindle edition has many problems. The footnotes don't work correctly, there hyphen errors, the table of contemts links only work in some cases, etc. The book still remains readable, however and is much cheaper than the print edition, so I will be keeping it as I need it for a class. But, if you are debating which edition to get and are willing to pay the extra, go for the print.
Ten chapters in I already hated it So terrible I cried I mean just so terrible terrible Terrible TERRIBLE awful
Why would anyone buy a book from this bad-mouthing idiot? Trash talk is all she ever does. Always the victim, instead of showing love as a true Christian, she reminds us why so many people see Christmas as just another sales opportunity to take advantage of. I have NEVER heard Palin say a kind word about anyone, unless its the NRA or some trash talking politician who vilifies Obama. Now she's full of Christmas in her "heart". Give me a break!
All images are black and white and even those are dissapointing.
Unfortunately Dr Hook is all over the board with personal opinion and cut and paste articles that have little bearing on the man other than to offer guest lists and attendees of functions and actions. His style is cramped and leaves a lot of room for improvement. The subject matter is interesting but not fully developed. I wish he had stuck to the individual and the details of the ships and battles involved.
I really didn't care for it in any way...didn't like the characters, the story..would not recommend it to anyone...
Would love to have read this book but the download did not work
